# Sadie presents Autoplot to the UMN Space Physics Seminar

Sadie had technical difficulties, but got going a few minutes late.

I need to contact Lindsay Glesener about her misspelling my name on the Seminar, Fall 2021 spreadsheet.

Who is there:

Cindy

John Wygant

"what is the production version?" the "start autoplot" link doesn't explain what
the production version is.

Everyone is going to try installing over the next few weeks.

# What I'll cover
Link will be the same as before, https://umn.zoom.us/j/96222069768

* I hope people have tried to download and install Autoplot
* review load a cdf file
* save vap file, embedded data
* export data to ascii, idlsav, cdf
* Aggregation
* mash up tool review
* scripting
* scripting, run batch tool
* question about clicking on a line plot and looking at a FITS file at the same point
* bugs, reporting them and what to expect when they are encountered.

# 20210913
* layout--buttons and format spec "60%+3em"
* colors
* use GitHub/GitLabs to collaborate
* property editors -- catch all for properties.  Edit multiple 


# 20210915
See the email with Cindy about questions she had.  There's a whole talk I could
do based on that email.

Interoperabiliy should be the theme of one slide.  Autoplot doesn't seek to 
get rid of programming, but to make programming simplier.  If you can do in 100 
lines what used to take 500, opportunities for mistakes lessen and the whole
science process goes faster.  Make it easy to read data into IDL, Matlab, and
Python.  Fast interactive plotting for IDL and Python.

Caching vs Buffering.  Buffering is why I can switch networks while playing 
Apple Music, and there is no interruption in the music.  Caching is why I can
play some albums when I don't have network access.

# 20210920
Cindy sent a nice text file where Autoplot could easily get into it, but then
it also has strange time tags which need attention.