
## Features Everyone Should Know About 
* URIs -- locate data
* URI history (what's a URI)
* Launch methods, memory.
* reading a cdf file (demo 5)  Note file references can be remote.
* aggregation
* das2server
* cdaweb server
* HAPI servers
* running scripts
* .vap files
* file references can be remote, which makes your vap usable by others, and usable by me if there are problems I need to look at.
* scripts .jyds and .jy.  .jyds are limited and should not be able to hurt your computer.  .jy can so a review screen is shown.
* Autoplot rendering modes. nn spectrograms.  Huge scatter.

## More Features 
* Events Lists
* Edit multiple nodes at once.  
* management of versions at U.Iowa and in general.  What "autoplot" at the command line means and when it is updated.
* pngwalk tool and digitizing
* scripting
  - scripting expert writes a script and sends it to you--security warnings and why
  - hacking a little script
  - alternative for IDL and Matlab--why you might do this.  Documentation is the issue.
* Testing
  - Jenkins server.  
  - What you can do to help--give me your URIs, your vaps, your scripts

## More Advanced Features =
* scale property
* mashup tool
* tickValues property
* features are a bit like books in a home library.  You start with a small bookshelf, add a bunch of books.  After a while you have too many books, so you have to stop and build a new bookshelf.  It's easy to get crummy books that no one reads.  Get too many books and you need a catalog.  However, books are "discrete"--adding one book doesn't affect other books--but with software often one part affects another.
* let's have fun--Reiner thinks if you copy a plot down, and the original one's y axis is bound, then the new plot's y axis should be bound.  Do you think it should be?  
* annotations
* Github Filesystem support.

## Handling Bugs 
* Darrelle and Chris just had a bug that needed resolution.  Chris needed to transmit X,Y,Z streams.  This motived a new version of the das2stream reader which would read directly to QDataSets.  This new version had a memory issue where it would consume more memory than before.  I can back off Chris' feature, or I can fix it. (I was able to see what the problem was an it is resolved.)
* Autoplot RTEs--what are they and where do they go?  DasServer RTEs.
* When you have bugs that need more attention, try to send me enough information that I can reproduce the bug for myself.

## Future Meetings 
* would a meeting like this every quarter be effective?
* I've been watching other groups (spedas, hapi, heliophysics python) trying to figure out what would work.

## Post-Meeting Thoughts 
* prepare for network issues and display issues.
* more case studies
* have a ten-minute intro which is reliable (power point show)
* missed a bunch of items from my list.
